So that was an example of a study not just to summarize show run on Rodda two shows me the configuration
on brought it to the device during the night.
I had to specify an IP address on my inside interface and specify that that was the inside interface.
On my outside interface.
Ethan it is 0 1.
I specified an IP address and I specified that this is the not outside interface.
And lastly I configure it ip not inside source.
Static The actual or inside a local IP address thats going to be Nottage and the inside global address
used on the Internet or outside interface.
That's how you set up static that once again show run pipes include Nat shows me those three commands.
Those are the three commands that you need to use to configure static Nat.